Update README.md (#30)
open-energy-transition/open-esm-analysis: README.md

# Smarter Investments in Open Energy Planning: How Data Can Guide Decision-Makers

> *Repository for analyzing ecosystem health and adoption of Energy System Modelling (ESM) tools using Git data and other publicly available sources (e.g., ecosyste.ms and opensustain.tech). It is online at [Streamlit](https://open-esm-analysis.streamlit.app/).*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Repository for analyzing the maturity and adoption of Energy System Modelling (ESM) tools using Git data and other publicly available sources (e.g., ecosyste.ms and opensustain.tech). It is online at [Streamlit](https://open-esm-analysis.streamlit.app/).*
```
